Not sure i fully understand this sentence (#160)
iden3/rollup: README.md

Each batch takes around 45 seconds to 1 minute to be forged by an operator.

> On-chain, Ethereum transactions take 2 batches to be executed, and off-chain, zkrollup transactions take between 1 and 2 batches -- making off-chain transactions slightly faster to execute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On-chain transactions (transactions sent to the rollup contract) take 2 batches to affect the rollup account balance tree, while off-chain transactions (transactions sent to the operator) take between 1 and 2 batches. This makes off-chain transactions slightly faster to execute.
```
